DRAFT - lesson 2 first commit lesson 2 (#7)
microsoft/generative-ai-with-javascript: lessons/02-first-ai-app/README.md

# Lesson 2: Writing Your First AI App

In this lesson, you will learn to:

- Set up your development environment.
- Write a basic app.
- Understand system prompts.

> 

Author: ```suggestion

## Getting Started

Follow these steps to get started with this curriculum:

1. **Fork the Repository**: Select the _fork_ button in the upper right-hand corner of the repository or this link:
   [![Fork](https://img.shields.io/badge/Fork-Repository-blue)](https://github.com/microsoft/generative-ai-with-javascript/fork)

2. **Clone the Repository**: Select the _clone_ button in the upper right-hand corner of the repository or this link:
   [![Clone](https://img.shields.io/badge/Clone-Repository-blue)](https://github.com/microsoft/generative-ai-with-javascript.git)

3. **Open in GitHub Codespaces**: Starting this repository with GitHub Codespaces will enable you to run the same code as it uses [GitHub Models](https://docs.github.com/en/github-models).

    Click the button below to start a Codespace:
   [![Open in GitHub Codespaces](https://github.com/codespaces/badge.svg)](https://github.com/codespaces/new?hide_repo_select=true&ref=main&repo=832180352)
   
```

**Old man:** The old man turns to you with a smile, "Sono io (that’s me), Leonardo da Vinci. Chi siete voi?", who are you?

You feel a thrill of recognition. 

**You:** I thought so. I'm a fellow maker, out of place and time."

**Leonardo:** Leonardo's eyes sparkle with curiosity. "Interessante, cosa vi porta qui?"

The Time Beetle translates.

**Time beetle:**  "He asks what brings you here."

You explain: 

**You:** "Well, I was working on a project, and I ended up here."

You show him the Time Beetle, and his eyes light up with fascination. He examines it closely as you explain how it works and how you ended up in Florence. 

Leonardo looks at you with excitement. 

**Leonardo:** "You're a maker of things. I have a project that might interest you. I've been working on a machine that can generate text based on verbal input. Would you like to help me with it?"

Leonardo da Vinci, asking you to help him with a project—you can hardly believe it. You nod eagerly and say: 

**You:** I would be honored to help you with your project,
"Sarebbe un onore aiutarti con il tuo progetto." 

## Talk to Leonardo

If you want to talk to Leonardo, run the app [Leonardo](./characters/). 

> > NOTE: Remember to start a Codespaces and then run `npm install` followed by `npm start`. 

Author: ```suggestion
> NOTE: Start a [![GitHub Codespace](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Codespace-brightgreen)](https://codespaces.new/microsoft/generative-ai-with-javascript), navigate to _lessons/02-first-ai-app/characters_, and then run `npm install` followed by `npm start`. Once it appears, select the "Open in Browser" button.
```
